you
one of about
Cortez's yes he is the
top lieutenant in the cartel he is known
as the bank of Bogota the tender tender
the Linder Linder the money-launderer El
Chapo pork chop nacho okay okay okay
tomorrow morning he will escort our
witness to Dallas so she can testify
against Cortes mrs. Riva we have got to
get going because you your teeny tiny
you're like a little dog that I can put
in my purse but Cortez has killed every
witness we've had current are you sure
ma'am
everything's gonna be fine what about my
husband everything but your husband's
gonna be fine ah
you don't have to like me but I'm a best
chance you haven't survived what the
hell is that white stuff I should call
the police no I am the frigging police
don't you see you're free to go but I
totaled your car right now Saxon is
gonna be all jacked up
we have been set up shot at and hunted
down officer Cooper fans at 4 feet 11
inches
oh come on the other suspect a 45 year
old Latino but I hate Wayne Maddie we
need a couple hours to lay low
now can you help us the guys I like your
smile you do not know anything about me
I have seen your underwear I like a lot
of coverage she's known the word that's
a diaper I know everything I need to
know
they tried to seduce me for some lesbian
stuff I'm her lover but I'm a Christian
sudden that wasn't interested in that
penis
oh my god don't mean good officer Cooper
is 4 feet 9 inches they impacted to
traveling with a 15 year old suspect d
find him now that's Court right now it's
gonna kill us both
follow my lead mrs. Riva is having some
problems with some lady business can't
you just hold it no you see once a mom's
my uterus
Shen's its line yet what's all that
Daddy eggs and he ascends into the oh my
god Lalibela water adapted Rothery hush
you speak Spanish saya tidak boleh
gotcha katika go Kamui Gorge imp Lana